README.md, before:

# dva313-project

## Amazon Web Services
For this program to do anything useful you will need an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account with an [EC2](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2) instance running.
Once you have an EC2 instance running, go do the the [IAM](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam) panel, and create a an IAM account.
REMEMBER to keep the secret key, as you will need it later. Go to the priviliges section and grant your new user full CloudWatch rights.

## Installation

### Ubuntu 20.04
PLEASE only install this on a new virtual machine, and not on your personal system.

Download the dependencies.
```
sudo apt install apache2 php php-mysqli php-xml php-mbstring mariadb-server npm git
```
Clone the archive.
```
git clone https://github.com/GunnarGrop1/dva313-project.git
```
Run the install script (it will ask you for sudo priviliges).
The install script will ask you to enter you AWS IAM Key, Secret Key, and the instance-id of the EC2 instance you want to monitor,
so make sure to have those handy.
```
cd dva313-project/
./install
```
One the install has finished, you can start to application with the 'run' file that was generated by the install.
```
./run
```
#### Troubleshooting
If you can't run the install script, make sure it's executable.
```
chmod +x install
```

If you can't install the dependencies, make sure your system are up to date.
```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
```

## Default login credentials
| Username | Password |
|:---------|---------:|
| admin    |  test123 |

Commit message:

Added information regarding the directory structure

README.md, after:

# DVA313 Project - a cloud native performance monitoring system
This program is a monitoring system for virtual machines running on Amazon Webservices.
The aim of the project is to offer an easy way of monitoring resource usage for you machines from an easy to use graphical dashboard.

## Repository structure
| Directory        |                                                                        What it contains |
|:-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| /dashboard       |             All [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) configurations and the graphical web-page |
| /backend         | The PHP files responsible for communicatino between the database, AWS and the dashboard |
| /cloudnative.sql |                                                             The MariaDB database schema |
| /deliverables    |                                                  All deliverables regarding this course |

## Amazon Web Services
For this program to do anything useful you will need an [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account with an [EC2](https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/v2) instance running.
Once you have an EC2 instance running, go do the the [IAM](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam) panel, and create a an IAM account.
REMEMBER to keep the secret key, as you will need it later. Go to the priviliges section and grant your new user full CloudWatch rights.

## Installation

### Ubuntu 20.04
PLEASE only install this on a new virtual machine, and not on your personal system.

Download the dependencies.
```
sudo apt install apache2 php php-mysqli php-xml php-mbstring mariadb-server npm git
```
Clone the archive.
```
git clone https://github.com/GunnarGrop1/dva313-project.git
```
Run the install script (it will ask you for sudo priviliges).
The install script will ask you to enter you AWS IAM Key, Secret Key, and the instance-id of the EC2 instance you want to monitor,
so make sure to have those handy.
```
cd dva313-project/
./install
```
One the install has finished, you can start to application with the 'run' file that was generated by the install.
```
./run
```
#### Troubleshooting
If you can't run the install script, make sure it's executable.
```
chmod +x install
```

If you can't install the dependencies, make sure your system are up to date.
```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
```

## Default login credentials
| Username | Password |
|:---------|---------:|
| admin    |  test123 |
